let's bring in Tama Kut once uh more uh
to talk through all of this now as we
saw in that story it seems like the US
and Israel has becoming more and more I
guess pushed to one side by the majority
of the rest of the world calling for a
humanitarian ceasefire at the moment we
are seeing uh the Turkish president f t
erdogan uh with a huge huge rally in
estanbul we were talking to our
correspondent earlier and he said that
there were approximately 1 million
people that have turned out huge numbers
we've seen huge numbers in London uh as
well in support of Palestine does that
uh I mean apart from I guess as a show
of solidarity does it actually do
anything for the people in Gaza because
it does seem at this point in time that
Israel and the US to a certain extent
simply aren't
listening uh Tom yes these developments
are really positive and very much
encouraged at this stage because the
streets have have have spoken in
different capitals in the world this is
a public Awakening this is an an
uprising in a way that the streets or
the the people all over the world are
not accepting the rationality and the
narratives behind justifying this this
this brutal War Israel is carrying on
Gaza now because it it it cross it went
it went too far too far in in the way
it's it's it's being conducted uh so
it's for me it's it's it's it's good to
see I mean uh uh uh these demonstrations
happening and and and and the momentum
momentum needs to be kept in a uh So So
eventually this will materialize into
public pressure a change in the
political behavior of the politicians in
these countries and hopefully it brings
an end to this uh to this SW yeah many
many people now including many world
leaders are calling for a humanitarian
ceasefire needs to happen immediately
clearly to help the people the civilians
inside uh Gaza we've been speaking to
you for the last several weeks as well
about this and you have been calling for
exactly the same thing but do you have
more or less hope now after what you've
seen overnight from that bombardment
with Israel and all of the rhetoric from
them do you have more or less hope that
we are closer to a
ceasefire Tom I mean personally uh I I
see I don't see it coming in the very
near future I still uh see that the US
have a green light from the U Israel has
a green light from the US to uh keep the
the pace of this military operations and
even continue escalated further because
when we listen to Israeli politicians
they they still keep repeating the same
goal which is an utter defeat and uh and
getting rid of of Hamas regime in Gaza
so I didn't see the goals changing the
the main goal is still the same now
there is a discussion on the tactics how
to achieve achieved this goal and this
is where we see differences between the
US and Israel uh where the Americans say
or it seems they're not big fans of uh
or not in favor of a land a full land
inversion and they're urging the
Israelis to learn from the fua uh
scenario and you know mosal scenario and
and just go through tactical surgical
military operations into the Gaza Strip
but it doesn't matter for me it's
whether if it's tactical or a full
invasion the the the scale of
Destruction that is happening at this
face in the Gaza Strip it's it's an
utter disaster So eventually it could
lead to a total implosion from within
like Gaza really imploding with with the
vast needs and the vast destruction and
we don't see any movement on any
important file like Aid delivery like
electricity communication now being cut
so things it seems like everything is
worsening so you see the International
Community is demanding and uh and wants
to see an immediate Seas fire even the
US lecturing Israel on on allowing some
humanitarian corridors but in reality
the actions of Israel is totally in a
different path in a different way and it
worries me that Israel feels it's
protected and it has a green light to
just keep doing whatever it's doing now
it certainly appears that way with the
communications with internet and phones
being cut off about this time yesterday
as well unbelievable yeah it's
unbelievable thank you once again tamak
Kut thank you